Well go full screen with that. Jesus Christ. Smoking causes blindness
blind, smoking causes throat and mouth cancer brand.
It's see bread and in the same font. Wow. My God.
It's so hilarious. Do I laugh? So.
It doesn't work dead. It doesn't keep people from buying that's what.
And then, I mean, imagine that imagine picking up a new pack,
everything that.
Is so bizarre.
They did, they got straight up, they got dead babies, they got.
Five clauses, emphysema, grandma.
Every single one of them is so.
Yeah, I've never seen that. I've seen, um,
in England they have a big picture of like people that have, you know,
like lung cancer and on the cover. And it says smoking will kill you,
but they don't have this.
What the it's causes peripheral vascular disease and makes your feet
rot gangrene.
Th th th the most tame picture I saw on a pack of cigarettes was, um,
it was a picture of a toilet with blood in the water.
And I forget what, what the point was on that one,
but cigarettes make your asphalt bleed.
Isn't that crazy? That that doesn't even work like you you're selling someone,
something that you're showing them all the terrible that he could do.
And everybody's like, yeah, worth it. Right.
I know. I used to be convinced. I remember Dr. Drew,
Dr. Judy used to pester me to try to get me on that celebrity rehab show before
I was sober. And he had another project, which was trying to,
uh, it was focusing on getting people to quit smoking cigarettes.
We used smoking at the time I smoked for 17 years.
I started smoking when I was 16 and stopped when I was 33. Whoa.
Yeah. 17 years. I.
Do you feel any ill effects of it now? 43?
Uh, almost 43 and cardio. I think it's pretty good. What up?
My cardio was all that nitrous oxide, dude. I. I'm a dude.
I went and I went through those whippet cartridges.
There's 24 per box and there's 25 boxes per case.
So per case there's 600 cartridges.
And it was not unusual for me to go through 600 in like 24 hours,
24 to 36 hours.
I went and I took every measure to try to limit like
the air that went into my lungs to try to make it
like all nitrous oxide. Like I was the whole time holding it.
I'm holding in a long flow of that. And I'm just with my camp,
the canister from Starbucks and.
I was like a wizard at like loading up six and two while holding the last
ones. You know? And dear that was when all the, all the crazy would go down.
Cause that would be like awake on cocaine for three days and inhaling nothing
but nitrous oxides. And at that point is when starts popping off and people,
people are,
people are walking around my apartment who are never physically there.
I watch.
CNN about. Oh dude, like actual people, man.
I watched a dude walk through my apartment and pick up,
pick up my bong and take a hit and blow out smoke and then like put it down.
And the dude walked through the wall. He was never there ever. I had
No idea. I had like tactile hallucinations.
I had feel things big time, dude, because here's like,
here's my whole thing. And, and I kind of still believe this to this day is,
you know, that like our little, our little,
a three dimensional experience is, is very small,
small part of what's going on in the universe. Right?
There's there's dimensions. There's, you know, all frequencies, everything.
And that like that. If you do enough drugs like, um,
that the barriers between these different compartments of the universe and
becoming eroded somehow, you know, like I started hearing voices and,
and to an extent, I believe still that that was real, like a,
these spirits that were talking to me, I'm hearing the voices.
I had a conversation with a friend of mine who sells weed about a very similar
thing where I was saying that I think that something happens when you,
when you smoke pot, it's not just that you get high,
but that the way you interface with the world changes and then the world changes
because of that. Not,
not the world changes like a world change for you or for him,
but the world that I'm experiencing.
Different. Yeah. Like in the quantum physics kind of sense. I don't.
Know. I'm too stupid for that.
But what I'm saying is that my feeling about the world is that when you,
when you change the way your brain works,
which is essentially what you do when you get really high and he changed the way
you think about the world. I think the world that you experience is different.
Sure. It's like, you know,
like people think like this is a very simplistic way of looking at it,
but it's sort of parallel. You know, some people think, oh, the world sucks.
Everything sucks. And their life always sucks.
And then there's people that are always super positive and super happy and their
life is always happening. There's something about when you get like really high,
especially marijuana, because marijuana is a sensitivity drug.
It's almost like the opposite of a lot of drugs.
Cause a lot of drugs make you insensitive. Like alcohol makes you blunt, right?
You, you're not aware of people looking at you. You don't give a. You're like,
whoa, you get drunk. You get her loud and you're crazier. And your,
your social cues get skewed.
You don't see marijuana is the opposite marijuana.
You get like really aware of other people.
People will call it paranoid because you start thinking about all these
possibilities that you never thought of before.
But I feel like the way you interface with the world becomes very different.
You're aware of all these different possibilities.
You start thinking about things that you up when you were in high school.
You know, you start.
Thinking of mushrooms are the worst for that. Oh yeah.
Oh sure.
Yeah. I made a mistake make you accountable. I get so introspective.
I mean, I've, it's been forever, too introspective. I got, I got two interests.
How to like, just.
Start picking myself apart. Like, uh, and you know,
putting myself on trial in a sense right now, like, uh,
just too introspective or I've just like determined that I just suck, you know?
Well maybe that's just a perspective.
Like I think the introspective aspect of it, one of the reasons why it comes up,
it feels like to me is because there's a bunch of about yourself that you don't
like, but you don't address. Right. And so then if it forces you, Hey,
in order to truly live in the moment you have to be balanced,
you have to be like, I've looked at it all.
And I understand I've made mistakes and here's where I'm at.
But if you've never looked at yourself, if you never looked at those mistakes,
then you, you should have like this backlog of you have to deal with.
And I agree with that. Do you understand? I know, I agree with that.
Except when it becomes just a morbid, flogging of oneself,
right? Oh yeah. Which is, which is what, which is what.
But I feel like that morbid flogging of yourself comes from you. Like the,
the debt analogy is a good analogy because if you're in like massive debt and
you go to spend money, you're like, oh, this is, I don't even have any money.
How am I spending this money? Whereas if you're even,
and you go to spend the money, you're like no big deal.
I'm just spending some money. All right.
I think that when you don't have an accounting of who you are and what you've
done, and especially, I think the big one is your effect on other people.
You know, that's the one that comes up with me on mushrooms or on pot,
especially on edibles. It's like how I've interacted with other people.
And even if I thought it was justified, uh, and maybe I was justified when,
when it comes up on pot, especially on edibles,
the big one for me, at least that's where I feel like the most accountable.
I'm gonna have to think about like my behavior, the most,
I always feel like with the edible thing, it always feels like,
could I have done better instead of just being like, was I okay? Like yeah,
that guy was being a Dick to you. Yeah, him. It's never that. It's always like,
maybe I could have caught on earlier to how he was
feeling and Bri assessed how I was communicating with them.
And then instead of being defensive or aggressive, right. I mean,
maybe I could have handled it better.
Well, Hey man,
sounds like you're working a great spiritual program with your edibles.
Well, I try to do it all the time, but when I'm with edibles,
like I said this before and people are like, oh no,
but I think pop makes you a better person. I really do,
because I think all that responsibility.
I wish I wish I could smoke pot, but you know,
my pot Don's connected to my Booz bone bones connect.
You don't have to write lucky. You didn't, you don't honestly,
no one has to do anything. I get as much high and as much, um,
mental clarity from yoga as I do from anything, I really do dope. I mean,
if someone told me I couldn't smoke pot for the rest of my life,
but I could do yoga or I could just smoke pot the rest of my life and not do
yoga. I think I would take the yoga. Wow. I really do, because yoga gives me,
um, I mean, I love the feeling of pot. I really do, but yoga gives me,
um, a relaxation when it's over. Like, uh,
there's a clarity that comes from things that it's like, it's fresh,
like after like post yoga class, those are like the,
that is the friendliest nicest group of people go. Stan,
you want to meet some nice folks? Stand outside of a yoga class,
window yoga classes exiting. You'll meet like the most balanced, nice people.
Cause they drained all the of themselves. Hey,
can we hit pause so I can take a leak already? I know
we're not, we're not pausing though.